Hey, Nat!
We're both upside down.
And I bet you're
gonna fall down first.
No, you will.
You can't hold it much longer.
Told you you'd fall down first.
I told you! I told you!
Told you so!
Mommy!
What happened?
She fell on her knee.
- Oh, you bump your knee?
- Mmm-hmm.
Oh...
Kiss it better. There we go.
Oh, come on, little one.
Get up. You're okay.
Come on. You're a brave girl.
Your pain only
makes you stronger.
- Right, you?
- Yeah.
- Yeah?
- Look!
Forest stars.
Yeah. You know what?
Those are actually part
of the Lampyridae family.
And the glow, the
glow that you see,
that comes from a
chemical reaction called...
bioluminescence.
Come on, time for dinner.
Bio-goomin-feasants?
"Bio-goomin-feasants."
That's right.
Dinner!
Come on, dinner, big girl!
Oh, shit.
Eyes on target.
Waiting for the package.
I have sights on collateral one.
Firing in place of three.
Five, four...
She made us.
Target deployed smoke.
She's on foot with the package.
Stay high. I'm going to ground.
Oksana.
Oh, no.
What did I do?
Free the others.
Yelena, we need a status report.
Converge on team leader.
Okay.
Green beans are
my favorite vegetable.
Dad's home!
Hey, Dad.
Hey, baby.
Everything okay?
How was everybody's day?
Mommy taught me about lamp bugs.
- Lamp bugs.
- And I fell and hurt my knee,
- but it doesn't hurt anymore.
- Mmm-hmm.
And we also saw
fireflies in the backyard.
That was my favorite part
- of the whole day.
- No.
Yelena, we see
fireflies every year.
How long do we have?
I don't know.
Like, an hour, maybe.
I don't wanna go.
Don't say that.
Girls...
you remember when I told you that one
day we would have that big adventure?
- Today's the day.
- Yay!
All right, let's go.
I'm sorry.
- Come on, we gotta hurry.
- Thank you.
- I don't have my shoes.
- Thank you, baby.
That's okay.
You don't need your shoes.
- But I'm still hungry.
- Yeah? Guess what?
I got Fruit Roll-Ups in the car.
No, leave it, leave it, leave it.
Go wait in the car.
- You have it?
- Yeah.
- It's the only copy?
- It's the only one not on fire.
Where are we going?
Home.
Mommy, you're silly.
We just left home.
I know you're out there.
I know you know I'm out here.
Then why are you skulking
about like it's a minefield?
'Cause I don't know
if I can trust you.
Funny, I was going
to say the same thing.
So, we gonna talk
like grown-ups?
Is that what we are?
Put it down before I make you.
You put yours down.
Watch your step.
Stay down. Stay down.
Stay down.
Stop.
Scrapper 142. I need clearance
and an audience with the boss.
I've got something special.
Hey! Where are you taking me?
Answer me!
Hey!
I am Thor, son of Odin.
I need to get back to Asgard.
Many apologies, your majesty.
Fear not, for you are found.
You are home, and
there is no going back.
No one leaves this place.
But what is this place?
The answer is Sakaar.
Surrounded by cosmic gateways...
Sakaar lives on the edge
of the known and unknown.
It is the collection point
for all lost and
unloved things...
like you.
But here on Sakaar,
you are significant.
You are valuable.
Here you are loved.
What the hell?
And no one loves you
more than the Grandmaster.
He is the original,
the first lost and
the first found...
the creator of Sakaar...
and father of the
Contest of Champions.
Where once you were
nothing, now you are something.
You are the property
of the Grandmaster.
Congratulations!
You will meet the
Grandmaster in 5 seconds.
Prepare yourself.
You are now meeting
the Grandmaster.
Hmm, hmm, hmm.
He's wonderful. It is a he?
It is a he.
Yeah.
I love when you
come to visit, 142.
You bring me the best stuff.
Whenever we get
to talking, Topaz,
about Scrapper 142...
what do I always say?
"She is the..."
And it starts with a "B."
Trash.
No, not trash.
Were you waiting
just to call her that?
It doesn't start with a "B."
Booze hag.
Uh, I'm so sorry. No, "best."
I was thinking about "best."
'Cause I always
say you're the best.
She brought me my
beloved champion, you know.
You say that every
time she's here.
What have you brought today?
Tell me.
A contender.
A what?
I need to go closer.
I want a closer look at this.
Can you take us closer?
Thank you.
Pay this lady.
Just wait a damn minute.
I'm not for sale.
Man, he's a fighter.
I take 10 million.
Tell her she's dreaming.
Oh, for heaven's
sakes, transfer the units.
You'll pay for this.
No, I got paid for this.
Here's what I wanna know.
Who are you?
I am the God of Thunder.
Wow.
I didn't hear any thunder,
but out of your fingers,
was that sparkles?
We've located your cousin.
Uh, oh, good!
Yeah, come on.
I think you're gonna like this.
There he is.
Hey, cuz.
We almost couldn't find you.
What, you been hiding?
Hi.
Hmm.
So...
Please.
I'm sorry.
Yeah.
Carlo...
I pardon you.
Oh, thank you.
Thank you.
You're officially pardoned.
From life.
Help me.
Oh, my God!
I'm stepping in it.
I'm stepping in it. Look!
Wow.
Oh, the smell.
What does it smell like?
Burnt toast.
What happened to my manners?
I haven't properly
introduced myself.
Come on. Uh, follow me.
My name is Grandmaster.
I preside over a
little harlequinade
called the Contest of Champions.
People come from far and wide
to unwillingly
participate in it.
And you, my friend,
might just be part
of the new cast.
What do you say to that?
We're not friends and I don't
give a shit about your games.
I'm going back to Asgard.
Ass-gard.
One, two, three, four.
There was a wormhole in
space and time beneath me.
At that moment, I let go.
Loki?
Loki! Loki!
Over here. Over here.
- Excuse me one second.
- Loki!
- What?
- You're alive?
- Yes, of course I'm alive.
- What are you doing here?
What do you mean,
what am I doing?
I'm stuck in this stupid chair.
- Where's your chair?
- I didn't get a chair.
- Get me out of this one.
- I can't.
- Get me out. What?
I've made friends with this man.
He's called the Grandmaster.
- Oh, he's crazy!
- I've gained his favor.
The Bifrost brought
me out here weeks ago.
- Weeks ago?
- Yes.
I just got here.
What are you whispering about?
Time works real different
around these parts.
On any other world, I'd
be, like, millions of years old.
But here on Sakaar...
In any case, you
know this, uh...
You call yourself
Lord of Thunder?
God of Thunder. Tell him.
I've never met
this man in my life.
- He's my brother.
- Adopted.
Is he any kind of a fighter?
You take this thing
out of my neck
and I'll show you.
Now, listen to that.
He's threatening me.
Hey, Sparkles, here's the deal.
If you wanna get back
to Ass-place, Assberg...
Asgard.
Any contender who
defeats my champion...
their freedom they shall win.
Fine. Then point me
in the direction
of whoever's ass I have to kick!
That's what I call, contender.
Direction would
be this way, Lord.
Ah! Loki!
Hey, hey, hey.
Take it easy, man.
Over here.
The pile of rocks
waving at you. Here.
Yeah, I'm actually a thing.
I'm a being.
Allow me to introduce myself.
My name is Korg.
I'm kind of like
the leader in here.
I'm made of rocks,
as you can see.
But don't let that
intimidate you.
You don't need to be afraid
unless you're made of scissors.
Just a little rock-paper-scissor
joke for you.
This is my very good
friend over here, Miek.
He's an insect and
has knives for hands.
You're a Kronan, aren't you?
- That I am.
- How'd you end up in here?
Ah, well, I tried to
start a revolution,
but didn't print
enough pamphlets.
So hardly anyone turned up,
except for my mum and
her boyfriend, who I hate.
As punishment, I was forced
to be in here and
become a gladiator.
Bit of a promotional
disaster, that one.
But I'm actually organizing
another revolution.
I don't know if
you'd be interested
in something like that.
Do you reckon
you'd be interested?
How did you...
Ah, yeah, no.
This whole thing is a circle.
But not a real circle,
more like a freaky circle.
This doesn't make any sense.
No, nothing makes
sense here, man.
The only thing that
does make sense
is that nothing makes sense.
Has anyone here fought
the Grandmaster's champion?
Doug has.
Doug!
Our luck, Doug's dead.
That's right.
Everyone who fights
the Grandmaster's
champion perishes.
What about you?
You're made of rocks.
Perishable rock. There you go.
Another one gone.
Yeah, no, I just do
the smaller fights,
warm up the crowd and whatnot.
Wait.
You're not gonna face him, are you?
Yes, I am.
Gonna fight him, win,
and get the hell
out of this place.
That's exactly what
Doug used to say.
See you later, new Doug.
You had to come to
Budapest, didn't you?
I came here because
I thought you wouldn't.
But since you're here,
what bullet does that?
Not bullets. Arrows.
Ah, right.
If you didn't think I'd come
here, why'd you send me this?
You brought it back here?
I'm not here trying to be your friend,
but you need to tell me what that is.
It's a synthetic gas.
The counteragent to
chemical subjugation.
The gas immunizes the
brain's neuropathways
from external manipulation.
Maybe in English next time?
Why don't you take it to one
of your super-scientist friends?
They can explain it to you.
Tony Stark, maybe?
Oh, yeah. We're not really
talking right now, so...
Great. Perfect timing.
Where's an Avenger
when you need one?
I don't wanna be here.
I'm on the run.
You could've gotten me killed.
Well, what was I supposed to do?
You're the only superhero
person that I know.
That was the whole
reason I sent it to you.
I kept checking the news,
expecting to see Captain America
bringing down the Red Room.
What?
Taking down the Red Room?
What are you talking about?
It's been gone for years.
Dreykov's dead.
I killed him.
You don't actually
believe that, do you?
You really do believe that.
Dreykov's dead.
It took almost destroying the
entire city just to get to him.
If you're so sure, then
tell me what happened.
Tell me exactly.
We rigged bombs.
- Who's "we"?
- Clint Barton.
Killing Dreykov was the final
step in my defection to S.H.I.E.L.D.
Simple as that?
Yeah, sure, "simple."
That's what I'd call
imploding a five-story building
and then shooting it out with
the Hungarian Special Forces.
Took 10 days in hiding before
we could even get out of Budapest.
And you checked the body?
Confirmed the kill?
There was no body left to check.
You're forgetting
Dreykov's daughter.
Where are we trying to get?
Motorbike!
East side of the building.
They're going east, to the roof.
Copy, in pursuit.
I got you!
No!
Hey.
Don't move. You're hurt.
Let me help you.
I don't wanna do this.
- What are you doing?
- He's making me.
Do you believe me now?
How many others?
Enough.
I want my song.
♪ Bye, bye, Miss American Pie
♪ Drove my Chevy to the
levee but the levee was dry
♪ Them good old boys were
drinking whiskey and rye
♪ Singing, "This'll be
the day that I die"
♪ "This'll be the day that I die"
Come on, Yelena. Hurry up, baby.
Let's go. Come on, Nat.
Hurry up. We gotta go.
We gotta go.
Come on, you gotta run.
Come on. Honey, honey.
- Go with your mom. Go with your mom.
- Okay.
- Nat, hurry up!
- I'm coming!
Okay. Seat belts.
Okay.
Why isn't Dad in the plane?
He's coming.
He's coming, baby. He's coming.
Mom?
Mom!
I need you up here.
- Okay.
I need you to pull right.
Mom, you've got blood on you.
It's okay, baby.
Hit the accelerator there.
Hold it steady, hold it steady.
You're gonna pull
back at 55 knots.
Let's count together.
45, 50...
Pull back. You can do it!
Pull back. All your strength.
Odin...
I bid you take your place
in the halls of Valhalla...
where the brave
shall live forever.
Nor shall we
mourn but rejoice...
for those that have died...
the glorious death.
Hurts, doesn't it?
Being lied to.
Being told you're one thing
and then learning
it's all a fiction.
You didn't think I'd really
come and see you, did you?
This place is disgusting.
Does this mean you
don't want my help?
Look, I couldn't jeopardize my
position with the Grandmaster.
It took me time
to win his trust.
He's a lunatic, but
he can be amenable.
What I'm telling you is,
you could join me at
the Grandmaster's side.
Perhaps, in time,
an accident befalls the
Grandmaster, and then...
You're not seriously thinking
of going back, are you?
Our sister destroyed your hammer
like a piece of glass.
She's stronger than both of us.
She's stronger than you.
You don't stand a chance.
Do you understand
what I'm saying to you?
Fine.
I guess I'll just
have to go it alone.
Like I've always done.
Would you say something?
Say something!
What would you like me to say?
You faked your own death...
you stole the throne,
stripped Odin of his power...
stranded him on Earth to die,
releasing the Goddess of Death.
Have I said enough or
would you like me to go back
further than the past two days?
You know, I haven't seen this
beloved champion he talks of...
but I've heard he is
astonishingly savage.
I've placed a large wager
against you tomorrow.
Don't let me down.
Piss off, ghost!
He's freaking gone.
Oh, yuck!
There's still someone's
hair and blood all over this.
Guys, can you
clean up the weapons
once you finish your fight?
Disgusting slobs.
Oh, Thor...
wanna use a big wooden fork?
No.
Yeah, not really useful.
Unless you're fighting
off three vampires
that were huddled together.
I really wish I had my hammer.
Hammer?
Quite unique.
It was made from this
special metal from the
heart of a dying star.
And when I spun
it really, really fast,
it gave me the ability to fly.
You rode a hammer?
No, I didn't ride the hammer.
The hammer rode
you on your back?
No. I used to
spin it really fast,
and it would pull me off the...
Oh, my God.
A hammer pulled you off?
The ground. It would
pull me off the ground,
up into the air,
and I would fly.
Every time I threw it,
it would always come back to me.
Sounds like you
had a pretty special
and intimate relationship
with this hammer...
and that losing it
was almost comparable
to losing a loved one.
That's a nice way of putting it.
I said they're mine.
See her, that's the
one that put me in here.
Oh, yeah. Scrapper 142.
Gotta watch out for
those Asgardians, man.
They are hard to perish.
Asgardian?
Hey. Hey.
Hey.
Do not zap me with that thing.
I just wanna talk.
Asgard is in danger.
My God, you're a Valkyrie.
I used to wanna be a
Valkyrie when I was younger...
until I found out that
you were all women.
There's nothing wrong
with women, of course.
I love women.
Sometimes a little too much.
Not in a creepy way,
just more of a
respectful appreciation.
I think it's great that there is
an elite force of
women warriors.
It's about time.
Are you done?
Lord of Thunder, you're up.
Please, help me.
I need your help.
Bye.
Fine, then you must
be a traitor or a coward.
Because the Valkyrie is
sworn to protect the throne.
Listen closely, your majesty.
This is Sakaar, not Asgard.
And I'm a Scrapper,
not a Valkyrie.
Bring him in for processing.
And no one escapes this place.
So you're gonna die anyway.
Now, don't you move.
My hands ain't as
steady as they used to be.
By Odin's beard, you
shall not cut my hair...
lest you feel the wrath
of the mighty Thor.
Please.
Please, kind sir, do not cut my hair.
Please! No!
No!
Which one's yours?
Black. Brown seat.
Where are my keys?
Any day now.
You can't just
steal a guy's car.
So you want me to chase
him down and un-steal it?
- Okay. Any time now, please.
- Shut up.
Okay, you got a plan,
or shall I just stay
duck-and-cover?
Yeah, my plan was
to drive us away.
That's a shit plan.
You're welcome.
Oh, shit. He's back.
Put your seat belt on.
You're such a mom.
Natasha, no.
I think I'm bleeding. I'm...
No. Not now, trust me.
You okay?
Yeah. Great plan.
I love the part where
I almost bled to death.
This is cozy.
Barton and I spent two
days hiding out up here.
That must have been fun.
Who the hell is that guy?
Dreykov's special project.
He can mimic
anyone he's ever seen.
It's like fighting a mirror.
Dreykov only deploys him
for top-priority missions.
This doesn't make any sense.
Well, the truth rarely makes
sense when you omit key details.
What is that supposed to mean?
You didn't say one word
about Dreykov's daughter.
You killed her.
I had to.
I needed her to
lead me to Dreykov.
We need confirmation
Dreykov's in the building.
His car is pulling up now.
Dreykov's daughter
was collateral damage.
I needed her to be sure.
Natasha, we clear?
All clear.
And here you are, not so sure.
I needed out.
Wow! Look at all of you.
What a show! What a night!
Who's having fun?
Please, I'm your host.
Big round of applause
for all of our
undercard competitors...
who today died so gruesomely.
Good sports.
What a show! What a night!
This is what you've
come for, and so have I.
And now, without further ado...
it's main event time.
Making his first appearance,
though he looks
quite promising...
got a couple of
tricks up his sleeve.
I'll say no more,
see what you think.
Ladies and
gentlemen, I give you...
Lord of Thunder.
Watch out for his fingers.
They make sparks.
Okay, this is it.
Let's get ready to welcome this guy.
Here he comes.
He is a creature.
What can we say about him?
Well, he's unique.
There's none like him.
I feel a special
connection with him.
He's undefeated.
He's the reigning.
He's the defending.
Ladies and gentlemen...
I give you...
Uh-oh.
your Incredible...
Hulk!
Yes!
I have to get off this planet.
Hey, hey, hey. Where you going?
Hey!
We know each other.
He's a friend from work.
Where have you been?
Everybody thought you were dead.
But so much has happened
since I last saw you.
I lost my hammer.
Like, yesterday, so
that's still pretty fresh.
Loki. Loki's alive.
Can you believe it?
He's up there.
Loki! Look who it is!
Banner, I never
thought I would say this...
but I'm happy to see you.
Hulk! Hulk! Hulk!
Banner.
Hey, Banner!
No Banner. Only Hulk.
What are you doing?
It's me. It's Thor!
Banner, we're friends.
This is crazy.
I don't want to hurt you!
Here we go.
What?
Hey, big guy.
The sun's getting real low.
That's it. The sun's going down.
I won't hurt you anymore.
No one will.
Yes! That's how it feels!
I'm just a huge
fan of the sport.
All right. Screw it.
Oh!
I know you're in there, Banner.
I'll get you out!
What's the matter with you?
You're embarrassing me!
I told them we were friends!
Thunder! Thunder! Thunder!
Another day, another Doug.
The Red Room's still active.
Where is it?
I have no idea.
He moves location constantly.
And every widow is sedated on
entry and exit for maximum security.
I'm just finding it hard to believe
that he could stay off my radar.
Well, it's not smart to attack an
Avenger if you want to stay hidden.
I mean, the clue is in the name.
Dreykov kills you,
one of the big ones
comes to avenge you.
Wait, what are the big ones?
Well, I doubt the god from space
has to take an ibuprofen after a fight.
Where did you think
I was all this time?
I thought that you got out
and were living a normal life.
And you just never
made contact again?
Honestly, I thought you
didn't wanna see me.
Bullshit.
You just didn't want your
baby sister to tag along,
whilst you saved the
world with the cool kids.
You weren't really my sister.
And the Avengers
aren't really your family.
- Why do you always do that thing?
- Do what?
The thing you do
when you're fighting.
The... Like, the...
This thing that you do
when you whip your
hair when you're fighting
with the arm and the hair.
And you do, like,
a fighting pose.
It's a...
It's a fighting pose.
You're a total poser.
I'm not a poser.
Oh, come on.
I mean, they're great poses,
but it does look like you think
everyone's looking at you, like,
all the time.
All that time that I spent posing, I
was trying to actually do something good
to make up for all the pain
and suffering that we caused.
Trying to be more
than just a trained killer.
Well, then you
were fooling yourself
because pain and suffering is every
day and we are both still a trained killer.
Except I'm not the one that's
on the cover of a magazine.
I'm not the killer that
little girls call their hero.
Okay.
Get up, Mommy.
Pain only makes you
stronger, remember?
The Red Guardian returns.
The Red Guardian
returns triumphant.
Please, please, I beg you.
No more undercover work.
I wanna get back in the action.
I want my suit back.
I wanna get back in it.
General Dreykov, it's
been over three years.
Never let them take your heart.
Did you get it?
And the North Institute?
Ashes.
It's gonna be okay.
How is Melina?
She'll live. She's strong.
- Mommy?
- Mom?
- Daddy!
- I'll handle this.
- Daddy! Daddy!
- Yelena!
- Daddy!
- Get away from her!
Don't touch her!
I will kill you all!
Honey.
You're gonna need
to hand me that gun.
I don't wanna go back there.
I wanna stay in Ohio.
You can't take her.
You can't.
She's only six.
You were even younger.
It's okay.
Come here.
You're gonna be all right.
Do you know why
it's gonna be all right?
'Cause my girls are the
toughest girls in the world.
You're gonna take
care of each other, okay?
And everything,
everything's gonna be fine.
That one, she has fire in her.
What was her name?
Natasha.
Ah... Natasha.
No!
Remove all the defects.
That one
and her.
No!
Yelena!
Take it! Take it! No!
No!
The Red Room is your home now.
Get off me! No!
Undercover spies
in our communities.
They took on false identities,
even raised families...